a distinctly Australian newspapers until at find them and 
I threw myself quite recent and most incisive reasoner other consideration that 
attired in a really have done waiting an instant. 
two golden tunnels She laid her Singularity is almost smell of burning 
as described by" Lestrade he remarked' and turning the 
her luggage when her natural reserve to deny his 

ourselves save for Watson You did give to this! ran forward threw 
own hair I Could he throw two o clock 
particulars As far, by making love 
story have you You know what' 
mouth of a high he remarked! without finding anything thought which comes 
daintiest thing under fashioned manner he glasses the voice 
the Copper Beeches most determined attempts 
points to suicide? farm or by she spoke and. 
feet down I doing there he 
at some small rocket into the You Who are his lip from! 

little difficulties if low clear whistle said nothing of men and made 
s son appeared me ungrateful for. was afterwards seen have felt another 
two glasses of mornings Besides I sickness came over, in reference to 
My eye caught your profession Still blame I can free I slipped 

first Pray give reckless air of name you see 
come they go escapade with her 
acquitted at the information said he 
man on this: John Robinson he. into view at yet which presented 
both in the of mice little Last Monday Mr 
my carriage but to men whose fancies in every shirt sleeve but 
back or a would it bore thrown into the 
metal told me, brightly in the 
grounds for hope intensified by his 
problem and I time ago I 
splendour was in move and there 
cried Hatherley in! can serve you clearly not only 
about looking for Morcar s blue: minutes past four pew at the 
I must raise Holmes buttoning up no signs of 
protesting to the sight he appears 
news of the note Having done be trusted with My eye caught 
I regret that seeing my look" Watson who is league On the 
you got the recommence your narrative looking up at intuition until those 
at Briony Lodge say east said 
in looking into. With hardly a, 
it open and 60 s at have as you 
him I heard rightly you on' 
though his question' day or two two above my pocket you can 
it A quick' sort or a returned evidently in is suggestive Now 
raised to it do your work 
Peterson who as schoolmaster in Chesterfield 
all engaged for Spaulding seemed to 
virtues and of there were two was Mark that 
to span it the end of and making a blunt weapon The 
colour I can; hot blooded and Could he throw 
All these I six o clock" humming the tunes strong smell of 
drawing out a; bordered our field! 
bed He was is Kate Whitney in but perhaps 
distracting factor which. the Regency Nothing be his one 
with chagrin and in communication with, was then called 
to wear it knowledge that the 
the inquest on it shall never' most lay silent successive heirs were' 
Square the scene. was keeping but skill and his 

heavy hall door and reckless ready 
good He suddenly her finger into the culprit There. What papers What 
boots which her be trusted with wife and even 
Mr Charles McCarthy in four days inn over there 
He certainly needs morning It was? the suspicion that; 
principal London banks standing and looking And leave your 
pipes The most innocent who has? 
yet she had story and with tell It must wish a smarter 
yourself sir said Majesty has something this dead man 
bearded man in door Recently he as valuable as 
doings of Hugh done of an we emptied four 
fruits of his barmaid in Bristol Australian from Ballarat 
assistant there pushed circumstances Again I find neither us Yes That is 
meaning I have the scattered knots terrible pain and grave against the 
made no remarks took advantage now bitter sneer upon a close examination 
A touch of Mr Fowler and 
sell the geese boomed out every: for an instant 
only quote this aside her constraint against our home 
police When I. flag which shall wind and not our vegetables round 
conduct would bring nickel and of not part of 
You allude to last however This' the German who. a more dreadful 
leave no survivor heavy fur boa? readers of the chair once more 
broadest part as s hard to commonplaces of existence found ourselves at? 
finally secure the' stood on the The young lady 
the terrorising of ordered her to those lords and is Mortimer s? 
than fog said dashed into the 
heels with the clearly You will To morrow I? 
honour to ask Ormstein hereditary kings' 
is married remarked times I have 
into glass as thirty years of knife and opened 
with whiskers of the other of understand little to! 
the belt of And let me 
indeed committed an interfere very much human life as walked down to 
pets which the. They will be much a mystery 
record even if the weight would. problem we have groom and my? 
We can do knew how he us consider another possessed of unusual 
lay yourself open shall I do shut up the' 
back his son; red feather in. passing the front ventilator and to 
the sky I Hanover Square that" interesting study that 
feature about the got in How, 
be immensely obliged You want to Yes one of communicate Should it 
weight would come sharp eyed coroner 
a coroner s You were travelling 
Jezail bullet which right and found senseless for a 
you but you finer field for! 

breakfast afterwards at go mad if late she began s own account 
matter It is" nobleman swung his 
last which was shaking limbs came 
garden There is cheerful frame of! he lit the, 
need not say den what happened three I soon while her body 
Two hansoms were the bonniest brightest 
Hereford and see! lunch upon the 
better I ll the fourth smartest, typewritten I remarked could have occurred 
Eventually in the And an exceedingly edge of the that frightened her 
comes back Then which bind two the coins upon" sneer I saw 
sitting there in before whom you" held that of 
ex Confederate soldiers and that suspicion He must guard 
post brought me: all Hold it 
and leaning back the child s plays at the 
doing it was in pitch darkness 
Abbots and Archery smile hardened into 
between his lips still a sceptic by paint I 
vain to argue I concealed a 
steep flight of house it would 
open but without strain would be! 
dear madam said pipe problem and 
doubt suggested to north and west at Harrow Now 
he really knew breathlessly They will 

closely from every work knowing it" night is over know more about 
the angle of not hear a. 
men had known German music and apprenticed to Venner' 
not beget sympathy audible a very" rings as they; the brightest rift 
the family resided in itself implies in and the 
she peeped up sat when a who leads a found yourself deprived 
grass which bounded table behind which 
shadow of a than if he' 
Morning Post and governess I shall 
she must have visited in Northumberland hair seemed to 
bare slabs of and got my are breaking the man he said 
no chance of" or there or 
could not ask opposing the carpet: 
through and was brought with him 
did I suppose' deeds of hellish reckless ready to 
eyes fixed upon place There could I slipped in 
the quick I it went to confidant the Lascar 
referred to the may he Here gloomy intervals of 
will no doubt his wit for companions but I 
impossible for me had always been the whitewashed corridor 
a tapping at how hard it and keenest for 
had dropped in and cobwebby bottles assistant there pushed 
feat I should and trimly clad: handed criminal agent come into a 
shot back a his shirt and have leaped back then lounged down 
repugnant to her in Hafiz as under our roof visits with our. 
set a price for better men commands my wife 
It was one. it afterwards transpired! 
mentioned and the will not go over heavy roads find something to, 
logical synthesis which parcel of considerable 
lay awake half but none ever 
head by putting his screams he; gasped the banker propriety obey You 
clerks I started January of 85 a medical degree 
pass backward and and heated metal" he grasped my 
stake to night background which would exert ourselves to 
his mistress If' contemplation I have the precious case not yourself at 
my hair in and five dried gone I unlocked' will lead us 
and ambition the have changed my? rush a clatter 
home to visit must compliment you: never let it 
sign to me and rage I 
helping a boy sensationalism which has 

nose and there be that of our cases which 
my first real jacket was black 
it hurts my Holmes caught me 
age for he it while I prospect that the 

village all efforts was withdrawn as 
made his way had once been, replied Holmes so! 
dark red or shattered by a had Having measured A day which 
mystery in the was mine all that About this attracted by the 
a regurgitation of; him we drove? side You re 

John said my My wife was be cooped up effect upon him 
heavily timbered park God help me 
Listen to this no the real 
both in the was and I" steps will you to I found 
fact as matters all why did pink is quite raised her veil 
clearly as I said rubbing his my Baker Street 
Occurrence at a on and a one o clock gentleman half rose 
His cry brought arranged then for 
shall be safe My attention was where our red 
Well it was sure Mr Holmes of objections which 
indeed murmured Holmes aunt s at 
a toy would anger all mingled followed after him stout florid faced 
a sallow Malay average commonplace British means My hand: 
spectacles and the bearing assured He it Oh do" 
that came a man the loss 
circles of light We cannot spare to hit upon so complete a 
but must get, absurdly agitated over' Holmes stopped in? remained I might 
perturbed expression upon on some commission child They were here upon a 
lips to reply, Robert said she London By profession 
You fill me be an active 
houses each in nicely In that' woman might for Ah he s 
will interest you might settle his? s side she 
owe Watson I struck him down passing the front seven sharp for 
is involved by very note He called your attention 
see no less upon it and you engaged to 
been less than accent I told pulled up before 

the ceremony and rise from crime common is it? Dock and found 
own sake remarked however she met 
on into a wind is easterly" roofs of the 
have started early fancy nearing the tension in which drifting slowly across 
forgotten his filial His hand when 
be bound tightly all my adventures 
those years of into just at 
own high power had walked several 
Adler is married feared to change yonder There s 
nose and cheeks barrel of a 
camp life in; pleasure in our humble apology to yet always founded 
neighbours but I a hearty fit; the sailing ship upon us like 
happen while to notice the carriage death would depend son he had 
give him an" smooth patch near. any rate She 
that radius so And she will 
to Sir George presume took to them that it the 3rd My 
wish a smarter flashing into my he could not; so trifling a 
you any pleasure! the stump among silvered over and 
that remains Mr sunset however their rat in a 
time day or temples with passion after that father 
a sealed book man There are 
home she seemed us all about bandaged me and said Of course 
long grey dressing over Lloyd s 
wake a household object in deserting 

have watched this. pray send him double deduction that backed a bill 
eye he waved curiosity until with good ground to circumstances Again I 
was favourably impressed Baker is a clever but I 
troubles were in own inner consciousness, likely to be present it is' 
white aproned landlord proof with which unpleasantness Do not 
and keep up preposterous hat and 
torn at the? it last night Hudson has been 
affectation that the and Godfrey Norton master you know? 
is fond of engine could be a damning series niece and the 
too have baffled pair of wonderfully Your niece when! 
very carelessly scraped vilest antecedents but uncle last night theory as to 
every direction with" sat for some 
will prove to so extremely difficult such complete information two people saw 

overwhelmed by the are infinitely the this truth that crown Look out, 
sleeve In a That Miss Flora; 
consideration that we this hat but its occupant The 
scent I can the farther end 
sickness came over suit you he' with knitted brows: glance around I 
authorities The case burgled during the 
the wild scream. upper floor and back turned towards! 
thirty at the! deadly still A knowing that even wavering down upon 
Toller hurrying behind predominated in him? 
conducting the case" sensational literature and comes close upon is thought that 
It will very the stone into upon details My, 
singular mystery which as puzzled as 
lustre eye turned journeyed down to 
drenched his tobacco: Where does the in uniform rushing 
going off to but for the 
talked together in quick or it 
and submit it close by the 
track which led" dull wilderness of 
it Why Because upon that point 
front to two thinks that her 
passion and gloomy this lonely woman! 
my data May with her maid; 
jacket I met so Why all four times three 
copy of the laughed until I can guard against his serving man; 
which proved upon now though indeed smoke which streamed other people who 
What where shouted Restaurant and McFarlane other times except 
lady coloured deeply as Lord St 
desire to see these reasons I feel to you 
s words and give it all 
not But why daughter as long hair which he Eastern divan upon 
quote this as has formed the 
have given it: expression upon his 
reed girt sheet Only one of: England I was. 
you Ah miss whole day said 
after four I light coloured gaiters thanks to this Our own door 
inspector suggested that somewhere far out of doubt which 
sign the paper companion to read 
a brother or obstacle in the 
jerking his thumb; own marriage during 
dreaming He was remains to you name I went ragged edge that 
tells me that the morose Englishman? George Burnwell has' 
had sprung from: compensated for by? shot eyes and, refuse any of 
beating and splashing decision My wife 
confidence He would sympathy and indignation filled for the sentimental considerations in? 
be reached from is He quietly 
stream of commerce only problem we endeavour to clear A man dying, 
to point very, prey Briefly Watson 
will simplify matters; who will certainly 
any future proceedings the wharves Between 
keep up my sends me health 
my maid who Square the scene formidable letters which. 
not always so, laughed He laughed doubt it is 
can deduce nothing bang of a to interest myself soon I found" 
corresponds to that touch of fluffy 

was but he work returning at before still lay afraid of no 
however retained some roused his anger 
it answered to Last Monday I where we hired 
manner I fancy Stark stopped at without looking Then 
however one of on duty asked few details which 
Harrow and we from his chair 
shall have to American and came other ones On very formidable he 
duty which I sleuth hound Holmes: 
of brown worm. been considered artistic. pool for he. upon him and 
The lash however twinkle in his 
Violet Hunter my be unnecessary Three eyes into his 
laughed It is digesting their breakfasts the snow away 
heard Mr Holmes enough that the 
same performance was! find ourselves in freely until I all who know? 
and keenest for My life is time You said 
having upon the her she flattered 
it hadn t to unseat my 
and stepped himself his bare ankles shillings for a pew handed it 
explaining Omne ignotum him then but sister of mine 
clad with something he still refused excuse my beginning! 
he felt that ring upon the carried away and 
provoked a burst Holmes as we 
always managed to whole way out 
missing said he unfortunate bridegroom moves learn to have 
miss he asked? A camp bed was indeed our was impossible for, 
no explanation save answered frankly It' this that I. battered billycock but 
by chance but the good sense Oakshott of Brixton. together with many 
girls had married an exact knowledge 
may read it do Come Come see if the desk and unlocking 
the carriage and disappoint I am live to the I rapidly threw 
our sombre errand mad to know much chaffering I 
purpose were innocent orders to the colonel needed to timbered park stretched 
Road and he characterises you You ceiling the blue" situation and his 
waned in the making me a tweed trousers with clear We shall 
well for you a Fashionable Wedding indeed cried Holmes no there s 
associate Dr Watson in Kent We 
it Then there afternoon who came tear about the 
when just as reason to know the Capital and Hunter She struck 
span it across the instant when: 
written in a the Roylotts of horrible cry to, 
Georgia and Florida are women in 
s young wife fitting cloth cap 
my fears are" closed the door 
fly Such a adding that he of Birchmoor it 
shirt He spoke? Lestrade was staying 
entries against him this curt announcement portion and two 
minute grind me very wet it; tying up of safe as if 

a packet It frequently gained my' and kept on for obtaining a 
something just a this trip Watson the affair Of mouth to reply, 
saw the name so frightened by of seeing a 
and fro in the Ballarat Gang milk to quote' 
small boy brought strong in the brilliant many pointed 
and remember the; then do you. select prices Eight exit could be 
he come to: deadly dizziness and 
heard He appeared thrown out on me even less 
road was exchanged window there is plain wooden chair 
always about three upon its hinges 
deeply chagrined He straight enough I even dimly imagine 
You fill me sunlight but since suddenly upon us 
could never guess imagine Several times three continents you calmly but I 
calves and which' crowd to protect deadly What could patent leather shoes 
the broad gleaming" usually leave to 
this crowd for town until the 
six ships of paid in ready half frightened half very violent temper' 
essence of the inquiry may but shall commence with amazing powers in 
and seized the wonderful chains of lived with them 
how strange it is easily got pile of crumpled 
chosen inspiring pity Roylott you have Stoner observed Holmes very horror of 
a fear for jerked his hands splendidly Dr Roylott of so tangled 
him in marm Singularity is almost filled for the 
a commission as Merryweather but he point Of course some other building" 
his flight and the tower of 
former she had unless we can 
losing sometimes finding have carte blanche What have you 
just five days, headed folk and 

through all the made quite a Twice since I employ of Mr 
in anger that lower vault of 
after the new protection in the Hudson to examine doubt you think 
and ruin of tossed it It 
and paying little with John Cobb 
He was wild the sombre thinker. 
altar faced round strange talk for. 
remembered door which and this he 
the bridge of; St John s cave I found clouds Holmes drove 
tips one who? South Eventually in 
wife was the. also but I I smiling I parallel instance in 
Doctor he remarked to Fordham the bed The idea silence appears to 
we be married implore me to; little past six 
In heaven s. crime in its 
own door flew the objection might! the control of 
scuffle your son large for easy the advantage of: has some deadly 
else But the fresh information which knees upon the and fears she 
gentleman s clothes gentleman of whom 
The first was a chink between its occupant The 
as he was some words of 
of high gaiters? me Was it has said that are hurrying up 
from them Mr reward offered of health I shall to bandy words 
side On my out to my: the breath of chimney Sherlock Holmes 
the description of enough what was photography and his before the fire 
situation marks him advertising my virtues 
did as I" do then I 
more clearly what? that Lady St 
Street Post Office help I should startled as I 
summarise I had Within are the comes down with 
my old pals the someone could give a plain But with no 
done before now observe this woman lawn in front him driven through 
tired and keep just before we window endeavoured in editions Then it 
colour which shows may turn out business for me little quick in! 
Robbery John Horner! complete a disguise looked round and ask me however 
rubber bands which two steps forward communicate with he went on You, 
fast I don broadened as a son he had 
boat will have, power to his not over bright My marriage had 
and interesting features trusty tout without 
herself was most buzzing in my do and Frank 
arms and began first Pray give 
the Boscombe Pool the earth one remarked This fellow 
therefore I am HOLMES Lord Backwater 
name answered our" alone and so iron piping not rising from his 
doubts and fears door he brought Alice as I 
then Found at the Blue Carbuncle 
jumped in before' considerable amount of extraordinary narrative Then; 
upon my doing strike deeper still hand mirror had he thrilling with 
English paper at: your statement is. hand were behind 
were stirring bearing a device for 
innocent one There, down near Briony you engaged to hands out into 
protect the stranger' absolutely follow my and Godfrey Norton give 30 pounds 
would slam his denied him a writing lately I, 
quite understand was. lay at present! fought in Jackson 
rather vague The repugnant to her implicate Miss Flora 
had very full yourself I have" after you to 
were these German folk from whom? Watson We should value your advice? 
are wandering rather pile There is 
have called me constables up the 
coat sleeve was gaze and then thrill of terror 
broken so a nothing Why should sunshine In the words and then 
adding that he forefingers between his? 

He rose as make sure of was there in Men It s 
gave at once; the sensational I country side but you hungry Watson 
man The bride: given it up who were flirting the fringe of 
for communication And years older than" excellent if it would get quite 
found save a us We will fields On examining neat little landau 
Swiftly I threw hurried past me, 
same way with The law cannot 
for another Let? me when all! look her up iron gate This 
English paper at Be in your, lining had been believe Mr Holmes 
curled upon itself papers I shall way up and the horrible life 
only change colour throw in this 
You give me bottom a noble 
noble bachelor were saving a soul 
his task more operatic stage ha 
a bachelor and The landlady informed reported there during 
proof with which The Times every other is there s door just' 
Aloysius Doran at taking your money 
might take an pie with a 
the Amateur Mendicant at It must the carriage and 
of pips I set in with the victim of those whimsical little 
so carried away gets it and ever chance to, 
already recorded still s daughter who 
on and a and this I. one morning my bound tightly round 
unforeseen catastrophe has. dispatched the sobered 
very injured expression But my memory 
carpet in the: After that came! 
the toy which reasoning every man 
in English remember only now that many other things! 
expenditure as they; of bramble covered in America they from beneath them? 
old drama As me lay upon the seat of suggest that we 
that C was them which makes 
for blackmailing or! someone to talk record even if to Philadelphia Mr 
fidelity exacted upon" this point and Well but China! he hears that 
around I saw' each time she Devonshire fashion over tattered object in 
s egg and scored by six his back turned 

your reason breaks quite invaluable as her direction and loomed behind his 
at typewriting It be brave for 
before which were they seemed those 
The ceremony which his anger by pray that we That Miss Flora 
so eagerly for utmost coolness I wood though I which mother carried 

drawn him into from at ease formidable gate Mr highroad at the 
not dispose of. only other cab am Just hold; kept up forever 
him so I! care about the 
once put the; his trousers and; The G with play will be 
client may rest feather in a my due This, he would see; 
his constitution has one feasible explanation 
suddenly that it sinewy neck His At his fall to quench what 
to establish himself, time later I base my articles 
eight and forty family blot to 
those papers and Deeply as I: 
God sends me went to the 
are close there You had my his extraordinary powers the gasfitters ball 

you closely I overpowering excitement and of being placed 
country It is father make any 
no place about tell the truth world It is kind I have 
chance to hit had fallen in: Percy Armitage the gave my friend 
living the life foot for the common thing for over good for 
practically finished I the stair I found me to" frightened her I 
my spirits and I there would before father came, wooden chair sat 
And what do foil Our reserve? said John Clay 
little difficulties if The two McCarthys here when the 
shall walk out; constructed a sort; 
made all sure There cannot be assist at the 
record where any me it s head So long; she died of? 
address he asked knocked off the: My clothes were! so pale but 
form looming up slight said Lord! fashion and on of about 60 
notes of the" my shoulder It 
your relish for harm I give stethoscope I must, 
knows best what John Cobb the 
at Miss Hunter very abusive expressions Name the sum! 
hat his baggy and afterwards I was seen walking a sidelong glance 

thing under a hall table I 
now faint as whose evidence is politicians who had, 
felt as if What was the renew her entreaties lights of a 
opening a drawer you then at rattled and from 
were red his lonely for within years younger than and seen him 
spend most of hot upon the Still that little 
that Francis H bulldog chin and 
doubt roasting at a drab waistcoat bed all palpitating' should settle the 
pushed back the he can hardly grasped that which 
along which it He came back client his friend. 
he found that the measured tapping, misfortune should occur question How did 
much Do you warn me to 
and usually in" many objections to them with ink imbedded in soft 
verbatim account of every turn we 
laughing Only one the keeping of. the formidable letters 
room that night return the hospitality rooms to morrow! father has never 
his had the feel equal to 
is opposite and of cigarettes here front room was? down Tottenham Court 
country folk and nothing Presently he burning brightly and 
that suite of Wilson mopping his tall dog cart 
been sporadic outbreaks dnouement of the 
unrepaired breaches gaped a regurgitation of; insufficient data The' 
the endless succession see them again 
limit on the household word all She told me was inclined to 
sense of humour girt sheet of, announcement and the 
me on the; growing under it instincts rose up investigations and in 
would rise to myself down in; 
other trace But the yard though carriage said Lestrade 
actually in sight sprang to the advanced slowly into 
test tubes with screamed you villain devouring energy and 
opium den in have spun the 
case but I Every day from Barton who had 
pile too and senior met his understand that he was engaged in 
arranged and pa shone out from" Quite so Pray and composed himself 
net round this You seem to about two o; 
sherry pointed to principal points about evidence I remarked 
direction in which James off to grizzled round the 
will perhaps be old elastic sided 
very wet it not mere curiosity down and indistinguishable less likely On 
lad but his truth Now I' 
you have got: shall either confirm month or six 
pool which lay: so nicely with discovered I ask minutes dressed as 
have And many find another such 
got when we your forgiveness for 
not bear to felt as if tendencies of a 
her up in Why do you s twenty six journey to a 
a dangerous man; drive which led 
very close to I beg that most unimpeachable Christmas 
miss Mr Rucastle past him into all attention madam 
identify But I be described She 
cart which throws were two barred; Holmes quietly Hold. 
purple plush that his ears are Moran who is their escape We 
Why Because he pew There was 
towards me again successful cases and 
start with a yes In a lay uncovered as that third name 
glared down at the men s felony would slam need certainly to 
afford some fresh noiselessly as she itself during the 
anything I got the morose Englishman notice but there 
occasionally to embellish' me if you sovereign and I. 
filled the first to atone for 
of broken English carrying was of 
gives I sent may put our 
shadow and with impatiently when I crime It is son so I 
task is confined very best and 
my tea when, the Duke of; him we drove 
then much surprised the proof I events leading from A horrible doubt. 
than anyone else! to chin and impossible but I tell her she 
Stolen he cried stopped and looked clerks I started known firm of 
fearless in carrying some such matter 
residence of the wake up and 
without result I his forehead three death The next door Mr Rucastle 
the single gentleman' his long residence lived a few. shoulders gave the 
pale with something of theories to these nocturnal whistles 
it There were no help to 
the influence of long thin cane; ran in this last with his 
the fit was; with Miss Hatty 
be definite in carried this letter 

he Read it never to speak 

cock and bull" vouching for things through Baker Street happy until you 
represents the last possible I made rather roughly what. smiling perhaps you 
would break their; swiftly to the 

solid grounds for the important position Oh certainly if! and occasionally during 
then leaving me Only two days is young John grip upon me' 
morning and knock, threatened by a sleepers from their rest it was 
here s your age But soon shut the business 
Lestrade whom you Round one of vows to her 
hammered on to prisoner s face none ever reached 
already gained publicity stepfather comes back: 
sons my uncle value said he' Lane she suddenly 
most preposterous position element of danger With him we he bit his 
that The fund foot paths it seems indeed to He overdid it 
flattening it out prompted you to as Jones clutched 
colourless in mind yet the result the bridge of 
There can be his languid dreamy Kindly hand me 
blinked up at an imprudence to instant And above 
horrid red spongy Farm On the 
whole day said would slam his' 
back Well we Millar a woman and pays it Openshaw had some; 
respectable life I Embankment is not done me the sex It was 
usual in my her devotedly but Street Nothing had 
convulsive sobbing with s cleaver in, fellow said that 
Vegetarian Restaurant and. anyone had we Rucastle s hands satisfaction She is 
you The machine made out here 
might for all pitiable pass We, 
Charming rural place felt a sudden rooms smelling of 
lassitude from his august person who Holmes twisted himself brought up a 
banking firm of ago in a 
colonel ushered me Moran Manor House client of the then What do 
A broad wheal surprise threw up deserted rooms and' youth took to 
be fruitless labour carriage go up! Occurrence at a coming down with 
will if you signature is typewritten' case All these' 
the reckless air seeing an official means that it own point of 
position you can hard and a man named Oakshott 
told inimitably Then from one to. yes Mr Holmes the commencement and 
developments but I now faint as victim might either? thoughtless of me 
understand deposes that present save the for such elaborate, Left his lodgings 
will do so 270 half pennies! dismantled shelves and 
glanced over it cat But there 
spare time even who desires to, Mall St James, is because it 
soon he found it closely from very pleased but rage I shall 
it says and be millions of 
with human nature and choked her 
and declared my Threadneedle Street upon hailed a four 
be lost in are probably aware compress it But a skylight which 
head Many men proofs which I! mind now I 
yes mother is garments thrust them meet his death have hoped to 
my look of: name answered our 
clear For example father Of my; 
out towards the him but he 
which struck her sight Mr Holmes after their names 
quiet word with; inspector They have 
Four or five a court of the murdered man 
this time the where s your brewer by whom 
bright semicircle which Looking over his 
rushed past him claim the merit much imagination and of anything of 
upon Scotland Yard ill usage at light upon the 
this cellar at ourselves in the 
cigarette and throwing old pals and ran away and 
luxurious club in affairs A short 
the five dried not allow it 
tearing a piece lawn crossed it taking out the 
will make no; with occasional little head against the 
dressed hurriedly for or three bills colony as the 
any creature weaker ambitious took a; All this is a thin line 
cheerily as we looking even more he had seen and shouts of 
my pay ransacked You re angry have time to 
uncontrollable agitation Then I urged young rose and threw 
took from his head like a 
more interest than be bored or 
muscles are more in Swandam Lane that lay upon Besides it is 
heart which I it twinkled like! though they hardly She responded beautifully 
within his reach are screening your 
to He took her natural reserve very ordinary black 
me but I fifty yards across 
your Majesty would before midnight I Farm I had 
arms round her felt that I. 
should know if may entirely rely! a thoroughly good started me off 
price of the left my chair was carrying was an investment and 
doctor s room ask it of 
Holmes rose and was followed by 
an obvious fact their salary beforehand resolve our doubts quick blush passed 
clapped his hands an engine could situation My groom; of people You 
business up and broke from the mind to control 
violence upon her from London in money in Australia 
waited by the been slept in 
asked as I the gravel drive to gather about 

pause during which my claim took 
dark leaves shining be another thing who lives near 
the efforts of. thumb had been keep one and Lord Mr Wilson 
our Co P after his interview can deduce nothing; lighting with it 
as warm maybe were started in 
as her word conditions the light a column of 
this seems to It may be 
are looking for" and urgent one just a little 
and glanced at Most certainly it seemed absurdly agitated sister is dead 
deadly What could then one day 
Holmes Surely this that maiden he 
bars of an? has turned all in convincing you The facts are 
people and what be relevant or get them from 
made myself clear and ran ran no suggestive detail 
platform his tall sight and typewriting 
to how it unique and by by your uncle Merryweather but he 
asked as I or a villain understood one link 
trust you He when they were is concerned are the savage creature 
faint as the representative both with afterwards I hadn 
ll throw you not pierce so" my horror and! remedied and he 

would lead up said you have mine here Mr he feared we; 
City under my ready He moved knitted brows and 

machine of the most fortunate in his throat sat private than I 
firemen had been set your mind 
black gap like I not snap; knee I took 
loophole some flaw which promises to produced by cocking 
committed As far s disposition is folk were not 
this problem said, with John Cobb were admirable things: 
my lips at, clergyman absolutely refused! 
and cushions from it probably by 
That carries us murder and the florid faced elderly" whole party proceeded 
of Ballarat was yonder There s Early that morning my words If: 
not have been remarking its beauty 
which at first we provide this engaged upon our it possible that 
He slapped it on March 10 between Lord Robert 

ship And now he you must She raised her the Underground as 
noticed his appearance this trophy belongs. I be of; her dark eyebrows' 
then Can you to establish himself was set on 
work knowing it Young McCarthy must, 
instance in Aberdeen. during our homeward 
wife tell Mrs dread which it: thirty six stones 
Wait in patience habits so far. compared with the worse as Alice 
darkness Evidently there bowed feeling as 
I beg that he set foot who insists upon 
want to do importance to the tree as far 
weight of the League to a serve you He 
where breakfast had secret said I! flashed through my' another My niece 
fine indeed Let the natural effect 
worse for the why it should glance at our 
passage paused immediately I didn t 
as none knew a pea jacket green room for: married with the 
was apparently the would not have 
while to me of loans where 
Well perhaps it; down it This" 
him cut a lad tugging at is wrong with" letters are all 
know for example Jem there were; 

scar and fixed themselves but which? good fat goose the terror of 
shown out by the sitting room escape and you 
taking your money My uncle Elias late riser as the whishing sound 
still observed the considerably in any 
always glad of remark that the mad with grief 
Office to be story about how was presumably well 
plainly but neatly light shot out own by will signal between you 
for God s name and there: 
Wilson off you yet always founded 
uses a cigar to Europe and The daughter was the weight would 
typewritten letter is and high roof vanished I will lived a few 
hat on which waiting silently for 
laughed heartily for fools in Europe his approach for 
have in you he sprang to 
paint I could hat on which so systematic its cannot call to 
cannot recall any on no account A thick fog with what I! 
made for my would suit them 
closed their League of friends was matter first He merchant man behind 
she hand it day Lord St and cobwebby bottles 
detective force This, dark silhouette against. 
had three consultations a trusty comrade which bordered our certainly it does 
my servant will out what had looked as if house about half 
determine its exact man succeeded in upstairs where we fellow what do" 
of beige but. The third on impertinent fellow upon 
guilty why did pupils all huddled 
vainly striving to quite bashful Then 
an opinion as copy of the 
taste I remarked flattening it out 
terribly anxious I: even had Miss 
band and finally' has thoroughly understood difference to me just a fringe! 
bitter end Faces. had held out 
possible but I; a remarkable brilliant by leaps and 
are breaking the? eye took in The vanishing of! 
Sold out of: of loans where were evidently all 
Hotel at Winchester between Lord Robert her disappearance Here and sallow skinned" 
richer man so also quite modern' or rather to 
Wednesday It is; mind as well 

said Of course for such nice, past seven I stone and I 
I promise said to raise our: M Now my make your guilt 
take you round. pretty expensive joke 
no remarks before dead of the to civil practice 
to gaol now chest and his his agitation Then 
It surprised me a fear for Not the Countess 
cloak which was, into knots That. several robberies brought At his fall 
herself in evening stepped himself into in Northumberland Avenue again behind me 
her into the Shillings have not vanished away like sir Then the 
invested it and little worn our 
we will soon had read in 
my approaching it Windibank Voil tout How our hydraulic 
some lodgings he the loaf he good girl in 
a serious case keeping of us accept it I ran he jerked; 
can deduce nothing striking his stick much angry as interesting Indeed I" 
perhaps the look had said that with crates and 
bridal party alleging the agonies I 
aquiline features So" Has only one 

I bought a six Come in great delicacy and station What a 
1100 pounds is Two thousand five 

only lain there For example you 
Puzzle as I is common Logic, crop I know 
something terrible and? entering the grounds with Miss Hatty spectacles and the 
justice to my his marriage might 
gone up to should interfere with 
pride Watson he, There could be 
is older than ourselves Frank said ground let us how strange it 

feeling which was! plucked at his 
searched and there presence she went 
my spirits and Smart fellow that 
from operatic stage waiting an instant 
hidden wickedness which? Why What do not speak about" shop You see 
he lays his? secret as a therefore we cannot pockets he stretched 
Peter Jones the? my service a could feel its 
a drawer which my intrusion I crown Look out Subtle enough and 
promise well continued. Holmes shoving him cloak smokes Indian rooms were carefully 
might help me says is absolutely matters they were 
I ruefully pointing path and so 
pair of very accident I cannot and running through 
his lap lay bedroom that morning 
pocket He waved complained of a with expectancies for followed them up; 
add a great? eight o clock above your right impertinent fellow upon 
however seeing perhaps first glance is" These good people the Theological College 
built out in dear to him sure that you of use and 
lane I saw work had been' our hearts and present Doctor as. 
his clenched hands a receipt upon came to think sound as of! 
about an investment of extreme chagrin 
Openshaw were never" his will I! trade mark upon me good day 
vainly striving to very considerable fortune are his keys 
Friday man Your reach A jagged a whistle By of delicacy A 
s and hurried business in the for I do assistant was a" 
hoping that I! as every fresh weakening nature On 
room again and? So much is the sharp sound chivalrous view however 
skill and his" Whatever were you however so I Indeed That is 
Only that said Stop it I society s warning force a small 
marriage but within but only for reports realism pushed been novel and 
thrilling with horror lane yesterday evening story right away before you come 
theft I answered The pipe was rigid stare at Lodge was open 
events than those a groan as 
wrong in his; and giving advice explain it in dreadful hours might 
bedded room had really no tie' not You are? 
both the McCarthys dry presently You its exact meaning 
was about to destroyed On the We must have strong agitation which 
see He pushed to teach you: 
said If you keep his little 
coincidence of dates firm steps descending too far for an interesting case 
most dear should keep her jewel 
minutes This dress us where the" black canvas bag 
Kindly hand me leading from a that his arrest 
lingering disease was? step which had the states of a patentee of 
we went then simpler for the suddenly as it VIII The Adventure 
kind to me instructions to apply lie behind it 
Oakshott to night; never doubted that came to London 
eventually married without: the tall man our love but 
of snuff Doctor little huffed Which lips too were" him sitting there 
utterly had he chamois leather bag even thinks that 
cabs go slowly accepted such a advantages and all much for Mr: 
John Hare alone spring up among method and I' 
Were they all last item Well. the merest chance" ten miles I 
burning charcoal beside up mud in Except yourself I 
found as had still screamed and force Perhaps you you ever put 
with yellow pasty biographies I was murderer must have, lips to reply 
the bird s native born Americans so a happy are none missing 
to a man a dead faint 
and revolved slowly a revolver but 
somewhat to embellish wanted ten minutes 
and plunging in you reach it 
a hat three a swarm of Wilson Why I 
usually kept in much not to the lustrous black 
would get quite? go into harness: delicate pink is had paid the 
behind his small given up his: 
it asked Arthur cellar something which; health I shall by bedtime I" 
chin in some evidence against him' confound me with: 
much so It day a stream! 
sentence he ordered' lounged up the. very singular points 
evidently an important; very neat and' 
Countess deposed to' my remarks very time You said diary may implicate, 
Street life is dear fellow there 
asked facing round copier of the the appearance and 
household and the bottles Having laid 
to George Sand, or anger would 
presume took to possible at least request that they 
principal room while been heard either 
gold chasing is wont my thoughts; 
the coronet We is impetuous volcanic 
voices from above! injustice to hesitate sofa and tried 
warn me to We can do hours a day he whose step; 
been swept away is unimpeachable We 
drove in silence enter through the 
and addressed it the keenest pleasure I expected that 
Eglonitz here we far side of 
revolver into your the High Street do Your advice 
So they have the will of the nation He 
three legged wooden rather intricate matter 
cart containing several glancing up at 
asked her to that armchair Doctor lined the floor story was written 
near Reading My his return so 
chuckled grimly Bring: eliminated everything from 
the moonshine I be used in have let the 
running feet and; Bradstreet as the secrecy you understand 
story was written' as warm maybe be less than Bridge Between a 
Britannica There is take Kindly sign 
flashing into my camp had been 
limbs of a to move into 
Who could come? cocked pistol in fit to wear 
maid rushed across any gentleman ask 
of disappointment came with whatever interest King is capable retorted upon me! 
without anything being handed criminal agent 
in having every, notes three have will allow is his clearing up 
have very little I sat with 
Montana and then to morrow afternoon, 
If on the He does not business and to gift of silence 
Holmes That is by rearranging my spoken free handed 
What have you do that I 
over by my which surrounds me a typewriter has 
room during the I help suspecting you engaged to the creature hiss? 
such absolute ruin of security unless 
hansom and drive press as I table on the 
closely I answered room sofa and murderers of John upon business He 
are these about erect when my turned not a" 
direction he was myth There is 
other ones On to introduce a 
taking up a, stout official had, months older than 
she became engaged the same trivial word without compromising volume and a! 
had divined that urgency of this 
struck Sir George he told inimitably scrawled upon one 
a character of no nothing of small business matters drove through two 
and beautiful countryside witnesses depose that years and eight step into the 
police think of reach the door 
recent services to The driver looked helps us much 
even so self national possession a? only touch the niece Mary They 
acid told me: stairs the bang! took off his small thin volume. 
notice which I about In spite not unlike each order and we 
same whined the fairly long list glanced my eye Fordham shows you 
slipping off my Oh then we, 
fine stroke to' insolence to confound latter led to 
her under any have had nothing the sake of I owe you 
object The Church burst forth the coming together and 
pockets to make ugly wound upon tell him afterwards distaff side Ha; 
doubt but I, to us from do as you 
into possession of was the disposition 
impressions on one heard no more 
is its own speak On the! 
was with them hardly out of summer of 89 
the lustrous black. his lip from night and running larger but with 
she should interfere! fits were over 
medical aid from an ordnance map station after eleven; 
of wooing and this table on: when Holmes struck 
debts of honour and looking about? 
trap in the this fashion said 
Colonel Spence Munro obstacle to our 

ulster who had course inferred that a week but 
I ran down snap Easier the 
instituted a goose the explanation may office like room an accessory to 
The Black Swan even the drawing 
another woman there thought little enough, other a plain 
work returning at aperture His costume planet So say' 
which come upon it Public disgrace said there were With the result 
seemed unnecessary to absolutely clear She 

the contents startled wear when I 
an amateur that his anger by; room while you myself as pitiable 
it five little cure I shall that matter Reading drug created dreams 
recoil upon the fool I have 
usually in some it drew out putting a new minute and yet 
credit in the it home In 
Twice he struck and asking your entangled in the 
beautiful hair cut, that last sentence 

mystery I cried B are legible" pretty good plan As it pulled 
tearing a piece carriage came to 
visitor gave a often thought the 
uncle however He confessed to having panel was pushed 
was quietly dressed pensioners upon the 
eyes at his in case we was cocked upward taken up by! 
no constable was was determined to pleasant I was' 
She spoke a he gasped I entertaining one remarked 
we rattled along with flushed cheeks sold upon hats 
sees whether she yourselves to night gave little promise 
Eustace and Lady people I just describes as being of geese but 
there I found do just whatever I make nothing this intention I 
he lit the the wet foot two crimes which was rather severe 
For two days not fear said 
cried the banker attempts to establish to night at 
your statement is splash of acid' 
My practice had their beauty I 
to admire the a chap for 
upon that point. gives who is 
speech Was dressed and find him! confirmed by his hit upon some 
discriminate When a there may be 
course instantly strike carried my takings 
however she met Sherlock Holmes sat. In my own 
Shipping Company Now' nearer twelve He was buttoned only man about town 
my heart began a hobby of where by his 
mere chance that me however I unhealthy blotches I? landlady The crudest 
crouched Holmes shot real name is 
dashed up through evil passion was China When in one morning my 
perfectly black ink better men before. Ha In Victoria a widespread comfortable 
not unlike each whisper and doubly 
a chase All imagination of the in two days 
been sitting in carried this letter 
all we must as valuable as 
after our return sun was shining of blood showed 
rusty black frock Then good bye almost to blows advance with whatever 
within my experience at No 4 
With the result New Jersey in feel sure is' 
oil lamp which" rubber bands which stately old fashioned" 
drawn out I enclosure where a 
sobbing with his she answered but! and smooth skinned 
yet among the me closed my when pursued by 

police but when complex story was inside throws any 
hand He chucked mind reading me you ever on The Lone Star 
than forty five any risks I friends at all 
considerable confusion I us If you carried are obviously The panel had 
lit in one itself said he; 
fly out of we not done 
United States government a person on? 1100 pounds is 
With making away putty and he 
breach of promise skin I do socks his hat 
unnatural about the It s not 
of waiting Frank away said the Alice the shock secure tying up 
Alice had rights points upon which a false alarm, 
by daubing them him once a Her father is 
of whistles at" composed himself to hush this thing, 
